Update YouTube guidelines (#355)
meltano/handbook: src/_marketing/content.md

Meltano posts numerous videos to YouTube each week, covering everything from product releases to engineering discussions. Meltano videos posted to YouTube should follow a standard template when naming a video and adding a video description. Common naming conventions make it simple to find the latest version of our weekly videos, and an expanded description with information about Meltano and how to contact the team make it easy for individuals who discover a video to get up to speed quickly.

### Creating content for YouTube
#### If you choose to show your face / use your voice

> - **Lightning**: You can get good natural lightning by recording during the day (preferably) and standing in front of a window in hours where the sun will not hit your face directly (as soft light is prefered over a hard light).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Lighting**: You can get good natural lighting by recording during the day (preferably) and standing in front of a window in hours where the sun will not hit your face directly (as soft light is preferred over a hard light).
```
